Having taken various Myers Briggs (MBTI) personality tests I can safely say I am an INTP. This sequence of letters codifies a set of common personality paradigms, those for mine being: introverted (I), intuitive (N), thinking (T), and prospecting (P). In parallel would be the traits of the extraverted (E), the observant (S), the feeling (F), and the judging (J) types.   
  
These types were conceived by Carl Gustav Jung, and expounded on later by Katherine Cook Briggs, in order to help classify the many kinds of people we encounter in our lives ("A Bit of History," n.d.). As far as my personal opinion goes about the accuracy of these tests, I would have to say that the difference between the personality tests on different sites and the different answering strategies a participant can apply, will dramatically change the outcomes of tests. Using a single site and answering according to a specific strategy consistently will result in a more average personality analysis. After taking various tests repeatedly, my partner and I resulted as an INFP and an INTP. One site in particular, *16personalities.com*, presents an in-depth description of the personality results. These results were accurate enough to make us feel insecure, as suppressed points of our self-awareness came to light. Further, the suggestions for career paths offered by another self-analysis resource aligned well with the paths we desire to follow or have already taken.  
  
For myself in particular, the *16personalities* site helped to reshape the areas I will concentrate on improving. I have a critical failure in the "warmer" capacities of being a human, to the extent of having a few, and below-satisfactory, relationships. I continued on, in my cold nature, to purchase a "full" profile PDF file. I normally scoff at impulsive and impressionable buyers, but I justify this purchase as a show of appreciation for a personal reference manual and the invaluable insights that others weren't capable of communicating to me. In this moment I feel pressure to get along with others in order to gain and maintain professional employment. This coldly analytical statement is a common and positive strategy for those of the same type. My career suggestions included chemist, engineer, artist, writer, psychologist, and software developer ("Careers," n.d.). All of which I have considered in the past, and one that I pursue. Although my plans previously included the improvement of my social skills, I now have a resource to pinpoint where I should start and a greater fervor to do so.

Compared to the Big Five test which is arguably more business centered, these online Myers Briggs tests were more specific in their results, but that may be attributed to the larger set of questions.
  
A Bit of History. (n.d.). Retrieved September 27, 2017, from https://www.16personalities.com/members-area/courses/theory/a-bit-of-history

Careers for your Personality [PDF]. (n.d.).